One minute.
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
But it doesn't matter.
Now I'll show you
As the wife of the future president of the Black Gold Group, I declare that Ye Ninghan is of despicable character
Not only insulted Mr. Xue
He also dared to pretend to be the true god behind the black gold group
Trying to destroy the palace banquet
Ruin my husband's future
deserve death
Now I declare him to be taken down
Immediately God
My daughter was right.
Bodyguard
Naga na direct god
Where is the bodyguard of the Liu family?
Where is the bodyguard of the Li family?
Royal bodyguard finished
Half a minute Ye Linghan
You've fallen into the abyss now
Are you still unrepentant?
Did you see it?
This is the past life
That's status.
You only deserve to be rubbed under my feet in the wind
You will soon know what the whole world is
What is status?
Time up.
Hey, the invention said that something bad happened to Mr. Fang
Way Group shares suddenly plummeted
The group is going bankrupt
In what way is the group going bankrupt?